Today in our 2010 Kawasaki Mule, we&#39;ll
be installing the QuadGear Extreme All Weather
UTV Cab Enclosure, part number CA18031.
To begin our install, with our cab enclosure
laid out, we&#39;ll go ahead and identify
the rear by the tag that indicates the back.
We can then take the enclosure and lay it
over top of the roll cage.
We&#39;ll go ahead and center the top roll
cage straps around the bars and then buckle
them into place.
We&#39;ll secure the back of the cab enclosure
with the lower buckle straps.
To make this easier, we&#39;re going to go
ahead and release the locks and lift up on
the dump end until it locks in position.
Now, we&#39;ll go ahead and take the buckle
straps, release them, feed the buckle around
the lower support
bar
and then resnap
the buckle.